To start off, in this years project, I used as helping resources Bootstrap documents and CSS and HTML files from the subject "Desarrollo Web" taught by Juan Pueyo. When it comes to the website itself, the first task was reading the whole Practical Work II to understand what had to be done. Afterwards, I started to create the websites I considered to be the easiest or the least troublesome, which were "contact", "net", "index" and "about". After that, I proceded to focus further on the most complex webpages which were "FCE", "degree" and "Topic". In order to complete these tasks, Visual Studio Code was used, both for the development of the CSS andHTML, and the git actions to post this website on my repository. Also, a change I made with respect to last year's websites, is that throughout the use of Boostsrap, I tried my best to make the webpages more visually appealing, since it makes it so much easier by the use of classes to use shared pre-determined CSS. It is also important to note that most of these webpages were built using a common structure made with a navbar, a footer, and the content itself, which makes the website look more professional and readable.

Regarding the issues I faced, there were two main ones which were the Github actions and the "Net" website. The "Net" website caused me lots of trouble because partner's links were required in the webpage. Nonetheless, I am coursing second year already and none of the other classmates are known to me which made it a total struggle to get 4 links to fulfill the task. The Github actions however, were really problematic, since I had not used git for over a year and that caused me to forget it all and it not only required lots of time to relearn, but it also gave me many errors ad after a "push force" I deleted many documents I couldnt get back which,, by consecuence, needed to be redone. Despite this two being the main problems I faced during this Practical Work II, I also found myself stuck at many points, as when I had to decide whether it was okay to re-use texts from previous years, or when I started trying to flex on my newly-learned abilities and make a good design but ended up ruining the page's enhancement visually.

Conclusions, I could possibly argue that this task was good training for my Bootsrap, HTML and CSS abilities, since the making of this website was really good practice to use many of these. However, I feel like most importantly it helped me prove myself that there has been improvement regarding last year, when it comes to the CSS and HTML, and also not to lose the ability to use git, since it is very important and world-widely used, and I was starting to forget it. I feel like this excersice was really good preparation for the upcoming test where they evaluate how we are doing on the "Practical" part of the subject. Furthermore, I also learned the hard way that git commands are no joke, you need to be careful with what your actions do because you might end up deleting stuff with just one wrong line. To end off, I would like to add that, to me, the most important thing I learnt while doing this project is that sometimes going for the basics is also okay, because by trying to complicate things by making the website visually enhancing and better than the last ones I submitted, so much time was lost, with small changes, stupid errors, bad organization...  
